Sample apps update (#888)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/apps/search-comparison.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
title: Search Comparison
---

## Macrometa GDN

> | **Platform**                       | **Tenat**                      | **Geo Fabric** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Platform**                       | **Tenant**                      | **GeoFabric** |
```

| ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------ | -------------- |
| [Play](https://play.macrometa.io/) | `demo@macrometa.com` | `search_comparison` |

## Deployment

| **Source Code**                       | **Deployment**                      | 
| ---------------------------------- | ------------------------------ | 

> | [Github](https://github.com/Macrometacorp/demo-search-comparison) | [Deployment](https://macrometacorp.github.io/demo-search-comparison/) | 

Reviewer: Again, this is a private repo, and I still hate the tenant information in our docs.

> | [Github](https://github.com/Macrometacorp/demo-search-comparison) | [Deployment](https://macrometacorp.github.io/demo-search-comparison/) | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [GitHub](https://github.com/Macrometacorp/demo-search-comparison) | [Deployment](https://macrometacorp.github.io/demo-search-comparison/) | 
```

## Solution

> Our objective in this demo is to provide a comprehensive analysis of latency variations between GDN search and ElasticSearch, shedding light on their contrasting performance. Leveraging a meticulously curated sample dataset featuring detailed information on Samsung products, we present an in-depth exploration of search technology capabilities. Prepare to delve into the intricacies of latency as we dissect and compare the responsiveness of these two powerful search solutions. Gain valuable insights into the inner workings of each system, unlocking a deeper understanding of their engineering prowess and potential applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo provides a comprehensive analysis of latency variations between Macrometa search views and ElasticSearch, contrasting their performance. Leveraging a curated sample dataset featuring detailed information on Samsung products, we present an in-depth exploration of search technology capabilities.
```
